You actually carried out a surprise attack
Waste material that doesn't know any knife skills wants to hurt me too?
Upper Tai Chi One Kitchen
The power of the dantian keeps pouring out
Is this birthmark a seal?
It seems that I still have to get rid of you trash first
Sister, are you alright?
I'm fine, this kid isn't hurt
Moon cold moon cold
Did you block the damage for me again?
My head hurts, what's wrong with you?
I remember now.
So I really am
Sister, don't talk
Ling Nian dares to hurt you
Broke the beads of Fengyi's cold-proof soul again
I have to break up with him today
Xiao Yinfeng, are you going to deceive the world and destroy your ancestors?
Elder things are not yet clear
Do not kill
How could Capricorn Ancestor die if he hadn't attracted him?
Isn't that clear enough?
That's right, my pastoralists must never trust this man
I respect you as an elder
Respect you again and again
First the hunting brother
And then there's the cold.
You're welcome today
Xiao Yifeng got the letter from senior brother one step earlier than you
Brother won't believe a single word he says
This kid killed my disciple
It's bearable for me to still want to be buried and married
Unbearable, right?
Impossible, I don't believe he will kill Senior Hunter
Why not?
He has a grudge against Xu Liefen
It must be taking the opportunity to take revenge and kill the hunting
ridiculous
There is not a single sober person in the entire Tianyuan Sect
Ying Feng, don't be impulsive
Tianyuan Gate will definitely give you an explanation
Senior sister, it doesn't matter how others explain it
I will fight with you today
Life and death are like Zhaohua